Bib record browser with linked authorities
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This feature provides a patron-oriented OPAC interface for browsing
bibliographic records.

Users choose to browse by Author, Title, Subject, or Series. They then
enter a browse term, and the nearest match from a left-anchored search
on the headings extracted for browse purposes will be displayed in a
typical backwards/forwards paging display. Headings link to search
results pages showing the related records. If the browse heading is
linked to any authority records, and if any *other* authority records
point to those with "See also" or other non-main entry headings, those
alternative headings are displayed a linked to a search results page
showing related bib records related to the alternate heading.

The counts of holdings displayed next to headings from bibliographic
records are subject to the same visiibility tests as search. This means
that the org unit (and copy location group) dropdown on the browse
interface affects counds, and it further means that whether or not
you're looking at the browse interface through the staff client makes a
difference.

Configuration considerations for site administrators
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
There are two off-by-default features that site administrators may wish
to enable.

  * Quick paging links: By adding a value for the org unit setting
    ''opac.browse.pager_shortcuts'' , you can make shortcut browsing
    links such as ''0-9 A B C D ...'' appear between the Back and Next
    buttons on the browse page. The set of shortcuts should be chosen
    based on the languages in use at your site, but a reasonable value
    for English might be the string "*0-9*ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ",
    which will yield a link for 0-9 and one for each letter A-Z.  The
    use of asterisks in the string group a shortcut whose label is more
    than a single letter in length.  Such longer shortcuts have the multi-
    character string for the shortcut label, and the link just goes to the
    first heading matching the first character of the label.  The letters
    not enclosed in asterisks just lead to individual letter shortcuts.


  * There is a global flag by the name
    ''opac.browse.warnable_regexp_per_class'' to control what leading
    articles in users' entered browse terms trigger a warning about how
    it might be better to search for "Rolling Stones" instead of "The
    Rolling Stones" (or whatever). This is off by default, but can be
    enabled if it suits your catalog, and can even be customized per
    search class (author, title, series, subject).

Also, by default, authors are indexed for browse in such a way that
relator roles like "creator" are dropped off the end of their headings.
This was an aesthetic choice. If a site wanted to display those kinds
of terms, they would update the 'config.metabib_field' table in
the database, setting 'browse_xpath' to NULL where 'field_class' =
''author'' and 'browse_field' is true.
